README.md, before:

# Terraform AWS SES module

[![lint](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/workflows/lint/badge.svg)](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/actions?query=workflow%3Alint)
[![test](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/actions?query=workflow%3Atest)
[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses.svg)](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Terraform module to handle the SES resources.

<!-- TFDOCS_HEADER_START -->


<!-- TFDOCS_HEADER_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_PROVIDER_START -->
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | ~> 3.59.0 |

<!-- TFDOCS_PROVIDER_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_REQUIREMENTS_START -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >= 0.13 |
| aws | ~> 3.59.0 |

<!-- TFDOCS_REQUIREMENTS_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_INPUTS_START -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### allowed\_account\_id

Description: A string of a single AWS account ID to which this project is strictly bound

Type: `string`

### env

Description: The environment name to which this project will be applied against (e.g.: common, common-secure, dev, prod, testing)

Type: `string`

### domain

Description: Domain name for which SES will be configured

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### region

Description: The AWS region in which the resources are handled

Type: `string`

Default: `"eu-central-1"`

### zone\_id

Description: Route 53 zone ID where the verification TXT record will be created. If this remains as an empty string, it means that the verification DNS record has been handled outside of Terraform.

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_name\_for\_ses\_bounces

Description: Name of the SNS topic where the bounces are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_arn\_for\_ses\_bounces

Description: ARN of the SNS topic where the bounces are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_name\_for\_ses\_complaints

Description: Name of the SNS topic where the complaints are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_arn\_for\_ses\_complaints

Description: ARN of the SNS topic where the complaints are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_name\_for\_ses\_deliveries

Description: Name of the SNS topic where the delivery are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_arn\_for\_ses\_deliveries

Description: ARN of the SNS topic where the delivery are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### default\_tags

Description: A map of tags to apply to all AWS resources

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

<!-- TFDOCS_INPUTS_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_OUTPUTS_START -->
## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| verification\_token | A code which when added to the domain as a TXT record will signal to SES that the owner of the domain has authorised SES to act on their behalf. If you pass a non-empty string as the value for the 'zone\_id' variable, you can ignore this output as the TXT record will be created in the Route 53 zone. Otherwise, you will need to handle the TXT record and use the value of this output. |

<!-- TFDOCS_OUTPUTS_END -->

## License

**[MIT License](LICENSE)**

Copyright (c) 2021 **[flaconi](https://github.com/flaconi)**

Commit message:

Facilitates the verification of domains w/ any registrar

README.md, after:

# Terraform AWS SES module

[![lint](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/workflows/lint/badge.svg)](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/actions?query=workflow%3Alint)
[![test](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/actions?query=workflow%3Atest)
[![Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses.svg)](https://github.com/flaconi/terraform-aws-ses/releases)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Terraform module to handle the SES resources.

<!-- TFDOCS_HEADER_START -->


<!-- TFDOCS_HEADER_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_PROVIDER_START -->
## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| aws | ~> 3.59.0 |

<!-- TFDOCS_PROVIDER_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_REQUIREMENTS_START -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| terraform | >= 0.13 |
| aws | ~> 3.59.0 |

<!-- TFDOCS_REQUIREMENTS_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_INPUTS_START -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### allowed\_account\_id

Description: A string of a single AWS account ID to which this project is strictly bound

Type: `string`

### env

Description: The environment name to which this project will be applied against (e.g.: common, common-secure, dev, prod, testing)

Type: `string`

### domain

Description: Domain name for which SES will be configured

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### region

Description: The AWS region in which the resources are handled

Type: `string`

Default: `"eu-central-1"`

### zone\_id

Description: Route 53 zone ID where the verification TXT record will be created. If this remains as an empty string, it means that the verification DNS record has been handled outside of Terraform.

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### perform\_domain\_verification

Description: Boolean flag for performing the domain identity verification. This is useful when the DNS zone is not handled by Route 53 and once the module outputs the TXT records, the user can create those records elsewhere and return to this module to flip this toggle.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### sns\_topic\_name\_for\_ses\_bounces

Description: Name of the SNS topic where the bounces are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_arn\_for\_ses\_bounces

Description: ARN of the SNS topic where the bounces are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_name\_for\_ses\_complaints

Description: Name of the SNS topic where the complaints are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_arn\_for\_ses\_complaints

Description: ARN of the SNS topic where the complaints are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_name\_for\_ses\_deliveries

Description: Name of the SNS topic where the delivery are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### sns\_topic\_arn\_for\_ses\_deliveries

Description: ARN of the SNS topic where the delivery are recorded

Type: `string`

Default: `""`

### default\_tags

Description: A map of tags to apply to all AWS resources

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `{}`

<!-- TFDOCS_INPUTS_END -->

<!-- TFDOCS_OUTPUTS_START -->
## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| verification\_token | A code which when added to the domain as a TXT record will signal to SES that the owner of the domain has authorised SES to act on their behalf. If you pass a non-empty string as the value for the 'zone\_id' variable, you can ignore this output as the TXT record will be created in the Route 53 zone. Otherwise, you will need to handle the TXT record and use the value of this output. |

<!-- TFDOCS_OUTPUTS_END -->

## License

**[MIT License](LICENSE)**

Copyright (c) 2021 **[flaconi](https://github.com/flaconi)**
